Describe Problems API in release notes (#27396)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/release/notes.md

and [`CapabilitiesResolution#withCapability(Object, Action)`](javadoc/org/gradle/api/artifacts/CapabilitiesResolution.html#withCapability-java.lang.Object-org.gradle.api.Action-).

### Problems API

Gradle now has a new incubating API that allows for reporting and consuming problems occurring during a build.

The [`Problems`](javadoc/org/gradle/api/problems/Problems.html) service can be used to describe and emit problems with details (description, location information, link to documentation etc).
Reported problems are then exposed via the Tooling API, allowing Gradle IDE providers - for example, IntelliJ IDEA, Visual Studio Code, Eclipse - to integrate problem details in the UI.
The reported problems carry location information therefore IDEs can easily integrate them into the developer experience, providing error markers, problem view, and more.

Gradle already emits problems from many components, including (but not limited to) deprecation warnings, dependency version catalog errors, task validation errors, and Java toolchain problems.

> The current release focuses on the IDE, however users can expect problem reports appearing in the console in future releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The current release focuses on reporting problems in the IDE. 
Users can expect further enhancements to the Problems API aimed at console reporting in future releases.
```
